MODULE 3- SQL
	Introduction
		Data: Facts that have implicit meaning.
		Database: A collection of related data.
		
	Flat File Database
		The program is written in C or COBOL is used to manage and arrange the data.
		For every modification, we need to open COBOL, then search for the line and modify.
		For addition of a column, i.e. changes in notepad, we needed to make a lot of changes in the code.
		
	Drawbacks of Flat File Database:
		Difficulty to access Data:
			To access a data, say a number of people from the same city, we need to write codes.
			
		Data Isolation
			We had many independent files, which made the data fetching and processing a lot difficult.
			
		Integrity Problems
			
		Security
		
		
	DBMS
		Used to manage and control a database or a set of database
		Makes the data easier to retrieve, manipulate and produce info.
		Consisits of set of program to manage the data
		Provides an environment that is both convenient and easy.
		
	3-tier Architechture
		- Darabase (Data) Tier
			Database resides along with query processing languages.
			We also have relations that define the data and their constraints at this level.
			Data is stored here, fetched from here.
			
		- Application (Middle) tier
			The application server and the programs that access the database.
			This layer provides the functionality (Basically what we know as backend)
			
		- User (Presentation) Tier
			THis is the front end which the User can see. 
			
			
	Advantages of DBMS
		Redundancy
			It stores single copy of data, i.e. it removes Multiple copies of data
			It allows multiple users to work on a data
			It restricts unauthorized access to data
			We can store data permanently, i.e. not only till program execution.
			Provides storage structure(indexes) for efficient  Query processing.
			Provides backup and recovery services
			Providing multiple views i.e. admin will see the data differently, user will see data differently
			Create complex relationships among data (Joins etc)
			
			
	Database Ad
			