Tell Me About Yourself?
	Hi, My name is Shubham Srivastava, I am from Jamshedpur, Jharkhand, currently working in the Site Training Team as Catalog Analyst. ST is a 
	part of CMT (Competitor Monitoring Team) and our primary role is to maintain competitor competitiveness throughout. 
	While working in operations for around 3 years, I have developed a keen interest in the technical side of things as I got the chance to work 
	on small scale implementation of java coding basics. 
	Atlas provided a platform to move from non-tech to tech primarily focussing on Java. 
	I have also discovered in the course of time that I have an interest in problem solving through playing chess professionally and online 
	multiplayer games such as counter strike. 
	Looking	forward to be nurtured and learn a lot from the mentors in the technical teams.
	
	Points to Remember
		Name, 
		Current designation
		Role of Team
		Atlas in the picture
		Hobbies
		
		Note: We are not telling about educational background unless he mentions it in his introduction.
		Keywords for him to work are: Java basics, Atlas training focused on Java Basics.
		Expected Counter Question: Java Basics Theory or 1 coding Question (Approach 1) or Atlas (Approach 2)
	
Leadership Principle Questions (Expected to be asked at around 30-40 mins of the interview)
Situation where you stepped up to help your peers? - Ownership
	
	Situation: During Sales, Our team has to take care of all the competitors (stores such as Ebay, Walmart) and maintain price competitiveness.
		So, whenever there is an update in the competitor layout, say, the product page HTML content has been modified, there is a high chance
		that our configurations fail or work incorrectly and we end up either reporting incorrect PARS (Price availability rebate shipping) causing 
		escalation or no PARS and the ASINs get stuck in our error bucket.
		
	Task: During last year Q4, our team ended up having less support bandwidth heading towards sale. So, rather than a big group of people,
		we had limited resourses to work with and had to monitor all the marketplaces, working on Sev 2s, error buckets, other retail and business 
		escalations.
		
	Action: I took the ownership of AU marketplace, constantly working on SEV 2 and fixing it within the SLA (2 hours), also picking up retail 
	escalation constantly. I was assigned with a set of mentees to delegate work to and was there first POC for queries. 
	
	Result: We were able to reduce 50% of the error and resolvced every ticket within the SLA which was a great success.

Discuss a situation where you have delivered in time - Bias for Action
	
	Situation: Recently, there was a retail escalation for Mercadolibre-MX where the 3P sellers where not listed in the amazon product page
		causing loss to Amazon.
	
	Task: The issue was identified and raised to our team on a saturday afternoon and weekend support had to pick up the issue and provide a root
		cause and a fix. Since Mercadolibre-MX is a complex competitor, associates with a certain tenurity are allowed to work on it. The associate 
		that was supposed to work on it was on a Sick Leave, I had to pick up the issue.
	
	Action: Without any proper approval, I had to provide a fix and the root cause. We can write java codes on the data we have scraped from the 
		webpage, but, as we were unable to pick up the data from the webpage due to tool limitations, I came up with a solution, to use XPath in a 
		manually created if-else conditional approach which was the only way to pick up the correct seller name for further segregation. Upon
		testing the solution, we came to a conclusion that we were able to pick the necessary data from the page but it was a new approach, so, my
		manager was hesitant to provide an approval for it. So, I dropped a mail to the higher management, with his agreement, explaining the
		approach, the hypothetical boundary cases which we had considered, the rollback procedure if the solution doesn't get approved and the impact.
		We also mentioned that due to the need of the hour we have decided to proceed with the implementation.
		
	Result: We implemented the solution within the SLA of 2 hours, resulting in clearing of 1.5 lakh ASINs. Later, the solution was approved and
	appreciated by the higher management.
	
	
	
	
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Approach 1:
Java Basic
	+ OOPs Concept
	+ JVM,JRE,JIT
	+ Compiler and Interpreter
	+ Object
	+ Class
	+ Polymorphism
	+ Inheritance
	+ Interface
	+ Abstraction
	
	+ Solid Principle
	+ Coupling
	
	+ Static Keyword
	+ This Keyword
	+ Garbage Collector
	+ Why is java platform independent
	
	- Conditional Statements
	- Loops
		
		
	+ Coding Question Expected -> 	Prime Number
									Palindrome Nunmber
									Fibonacci Number
									String
									
	+ Time Complexity, Space Complexity
	
	+ 2nd Coding Question or following Approach 2 or 3
	
Approach 2:						
What algo did you learn in Atlas
	- Searching - Linear Searching, Binary Searching
	- Sorting - Bubble Sort, Selection Sort, Quick Sort
	- Recursion - Factorial of a number.
	- Trees - Tree Traversals, PreOrder, PostOrder, In Order
	
	Note: Describe a little about everything, that consumes time and gives him material to ask questions. Keep the keywords crisp and in your 
		desired zone
	
	(=) 20-25 MINUTES GONE BY TILL NOW
	
	+ Coding Question Expected - Searching or Sorting. Recursion -> Factorial, fibonacci. Basic tree questions in theory or code

	+ Less chance of LeetCode medium level code.
	
	(=) 30-40 MINUTES GONE BY NOW.
	Most probably now he will ask about leadership principles
	
Approach 3:
Checks CV and asks basic System Design and HTML Questions

	System Design Basic Questions:
		+ What is SD?
		+ CAP Theorem?
		+ What is Caching?
		
		Note: Mention about design models.
		
		+ Waterfall
		+ Spiral
	
	HTML basic Questions:
		+ What is a tag?
		+ What is an element?
		

Approach 1: 
	- Tell me about yourself?
		keywords given-> Java Basics Atlas
		
		- Approach 1 -> Java Basics
			Most common question -  + What is encapsulation
				Keywords given - Objects, Methods
				+ Leading Question- What is Object/Polymorphism?
					Keywords given- Class/Compiletime Runtime Polymorphism.
					+ Leading Question- What is Class/ compileTime Runtime polymorphism
						Keywords Given- None, start a new topic/Inheritance
							+ Leading Question- What is inheritance?
								Keywords Given- Interface
									+ Leading Question- Interface/ Abstract Class
										Keyword Given (Vaguely) this and final keyword
											+ Leading Question this and final keyword
												No keywords given. Interviewer would like to end up to coding questions as expected time spent 20-30 mins
												
												
		
		- Approach 2
			A basic question on searching or sorting?
				Keywords given searching/sorting respectively
				
			Expected coding Question on Sorting/Searching
			