In this project, we are making manual commands for:
1. cat as mycat
2. head as myhead
3. mytail as mytail
4. cp as mycp
5. mv as mymv
6. rm as myrm
history command to save the user input

1.miniproj.c->  It has the main function where the we clear the screen.
		We take two variables as input:
		1. cmd-> command name, as mycat etc.
		2. fname-> Filename to execute command on.
		We will check if we have the command configured and
		file present in our system or not, if not, we will print
		"Sorry Wrong input, try again"
		We will create 5 .h files, 1 for each operation, except mymv 
		command.
		From the main, based on the if else conditions and strcmp
 		command, we will call the respective header files.
		Apart from this we have a history command, which will
		save the command enter by the user.
		Everything will be inside a do while loop with test
		condition to check if the string entered is exit.
		To add to the fun, I'll be adding a manual command as well
		called the "myman" command. 

2. Display.h->	It has the code to read the file using read() function.
		It reads the file, displays it on the screen, and exits.
		
3. headLines.h->It will display first 10 lines or n lines depending upon 
		the user input. This also uses the read command but with
		count variable as 10.

4. tailLines.h->It will display  last 10 lines or n lines depending upon 
		the user input.

5. copyFile.h-> This will open the file1 in read mode, file 2 in write mode
		and copy the contents of file 1 to file 2.
6. moveFile.h-> This will call copyFile.h with the two files as input.
		After that, it will call removeFile.h with the two files as 
		input.

7. removeFile.h->This takes filename and deletes the file.

8. history.h->	This will store the last 50 commands used in myshell.
		In this, to delete the old commands, we are using a temp file
		and deleting it after the old commands are removed.
		
9. manual.h->	In this, we are displaying the last 50 commands used by the
		user.
		
10.myheader.h->	We have created a "myheader.h" to store the header files we
		have used in the code.
